---
title: ""
date: "2018-12-24 17:00:38"
author: "Marc-author"
cover_image: "/images/2018/12/Humour-is-dead.png"
type: "post"
---
<!-- wp:paragraph -->
<p>

Humour, my condolences – A sad poem about an awful occurrence</p>
<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->
<p>I woke up one morning, feeling as you might as a human, quite dead.<br>It was a strange feeling, nothing seemed off, I seemed to be on the right side of my bed,<br>And yet I couldn’t shake that feeling, something felt wrong, something felt wet,<br>So, I forced myself to get up slowly, warning myself not to fret,<br>I squandered over to my bedroom door and slowly turned the handle,<br>Even as it turned I should have known, been prepared to light a candle.</p>
<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->
<p>As my coffee machine whirred to life, I slit an orange with my knife,<br>The roasted beans so suddenly juiceless, we squeezed too hard, it was quite ruthless,<br>The TV came on just short thereafter, <br>I gasped, I cried, I denied, and I lied, but laugh I could not,<br>The headline said it clear as can be, humour’s dead, humour’s been shot. </p>
<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->
<p>That funny feeling in my bones that morning, was the emptiness before the mourning.<br>Had someone warned me what was to come, I would have refused to move an inch,<br>And as I read the headline over and over again, I could have been punched and wouldn’t have flinched.<br>What was the point of it all anymore? Without humour the world is raw and sore.<br>So, I let my tears drop, and I’ll join them so soon,<br>Somewhere in the night out there, a comedian howled the last laugh for the moon.</p>
<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:paragraph -->
<p><em>By Marc Auf der Heyde</em></p>
<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:image {"id":1380} -->

<!-- /wp:image -->