---
title: "Progress of time"
date: "2017-01-22 17:04:27"
author: "Chanduvi"
cover_image: ""
type: "post"
---
Lying in bed, I found the drive to burn down my room increase itself steadily.

I wanted to leave nothing behind but my own name, to clean it of all the free lodgers. I thought I would do it a favor.

Their kept-promises clung to me like a bad smell. Making it easy to forget that there were ever broken ones.

Those thoughts laid nest in my room, stopping me from doing the same.

The way they hold themselves, took up more and more space every night, leaving no place of things that reminded me of me.

I used to think that I smell like Lorenz, Simon, and Max.

Now I realize that I smell like cigarettes.

With this realization I felt as if i reached my hand into my mouth, stabbed a festering wound and out of it the sea of words, I never managed to say, floss out.

All the accusations, all "No you don't understand', all the "I could be better now", all the "just let me try again", all the  "I can do it this time".

It all just disappeared, as if it was never even took up any space to begin with. The emptiness in my room made me more bitter than a packed apartment could have ever done.

It disappeared, l<span style="font-size: 14px">eaving nothing behind but "daddy issues" or a "fear of commitment". As if the iron that branded my mind</span> can be dulled to nothing but a cliche. To nothing but "Oh you were just too young", nothing but "Oh he was just too old".

And as their smell peels itself of my room, as the up-to-here water empties itself, it leaves me with nothing to cling to, alone, with all the free space I thought I wanted.

The freedom that I oh, so longed for, tastes not nearly as sweet as their names did.